# Project Details Meeting

## Meeting Details
**Type of Meeting:** Project Planning and Design Meeting  
**Date:** May 14, 2024  
**Location:** Geisel Library  
**Start-Time:** 7:00 pm  

**Attendance:**    
- [x] Saksham Rai (Team Lead)
- [x] Shrey Kumar (Team Lead)
- [x] Aditya Saini (Developer)
- [x] Aniruddh Krovvidi (Developer)
- [x] Jason Tang (Developer)
- [x] Brandon Chung (Developer)
- [x] Ricky Li (Developer)
- [x] Ojasvi Tewari (Planner)
- [x] Christopher Lerum (Developer)
- [x] Ryan K Chon (Developer)
- [x] Tianshi Gong (Developer)
- [x] Evan Kauh (Developer) 

## Agenda
1. Discussion on the CI pipeline
2. Planning with the team on finer details of the page designs

## Meeting Notes

### Discussion on the CI pipeline
- The team gathered formally at the Geisel Library and the meeting started promptly at 7:00 pm
- The team leads explain more on how to use the CI pipeline and standardize the files
  - Automated code formatting for HTML, CSS, and JS files
  - Automated Documentation page for Javascript files
  - Unit testing through Github actions

### Planning with the team on finer details of the page designs
- The team presented ideas for wireframes and collected ideas
- The team also discussed Developer journal page details such as:
  - The appearance of Login page and Registration page
  - Confirming the homepage layout
  - Rearranging the layout of the Project pages
- Discussion on the future functionality of the project such as:
  - Database implementing
  - Possible Login dependencies
  - Project page features

### Decisions for the project 
- Change the database to a local json file to store information
- Remove implementing 3rd party login to eliminate dependencies
- Removal of the forgot your password option of the login screen

## Next Steps
- Shrey, Adirtya, Ryan, and Jason will work on the project page and styling in HTML and CSS 
- Ricky, Evan, Tianshi, and Brandon will work on the home-page and styling in HTML and CSS 
- Saksham will work on the Login-page backend and registration 
- Ojaswi, Annirudh, and Chris will work on the Home-page backend and populating the radar chart 
- The next meeting is Wednesday May 22nd 

**Meeting Adjourned at 8:00pm**
