# Project Styling Meeting

## Meeting Details
**Type of Meeting:** Project Styling and Design Meeting  
**Date:** May 25, 2024  
**Location:** Geisel Library  
**Start-Time:** 6:30 pm  

**Attendance:**    
- [x] Saksham Rai (Team Lead)
- [x] Shrey Kumar (Team Lead)
- [x] Aditya Saini (Developer)
- [x] Aniruddh Krovvidi (Developer)
- [x] Jason Tang (Developer)
- [x] Brandon Chung (Developer)
- [x] Ricky Li (Developer)
- [x] Ojasvi Tewari (Planner)
- [x] Christopher Lerum (Developer)
- [x] Ryan K Chon (Developer)
- [ ] Tianshi Gong (Developer)
- [x] Evan Kauh (Developer) 

## Agenda
1. Discuss offline functionality
2. Discuss the components and appearance of the homepage
3. Discuss the components and appearance of the project page

## Meeting Notes

### Discuss offline functionality
- TA said that we should have the project work locally.
- The team then talked about having a database JSON dump to the local storage for the project.

### Discuss the components and appearance of the homepage
- The overall components were good and from there the team talked about changes to make it look better.
- Changes to the home page that were accomplished in the meeting were:
  - Wanted to remove the green banner on the top, enlarge the ream icon, and leave the navigation button.
  - Add a thin line under the heading.
  - Under the user profile, add a welcome message that says "Hello [USER_ID], welcome to DevSurf".
- Changes to the home page that were not accomplished in the meeting were:
  - Limit the project cards to 1 row and 3 in the row.
  - Add a left-right scroll function to the project cards.
  - Change the project card colors and send demo colors to the group.
  - Add more example input values for the radar graph.
  - Add more margin to the bottom of the search bar.
  - Possibly add a type of project icon for the project cards (work, personal, academic, etc).
  - Work on screen size compatibility.
 
### Discuss the components and appearance of the project page
- The overall components were good and from there the team talked about changes to make it look better.
- Changes to the project page that were accomplished in the meeting were:
  - Remove the timeline background.
  - Change the color of the timeline.
  - Tested different colors of different elements of the page
- Changes to the project page that were not accomplished in the meeting were:
  - Give the milestone markers a flag icon on the timeline.
  - Resize the milestone and task lists.
  - Work on styling the project notes section like a journal.
  - Add example input values for the timeline progress.
  - In the future, make the timeline only show milestones and when clocked on the related tasks would show.
  - Work on screen size compatibility.
 
## Next Steps
- Work on improving the CI/CD pipeline.
- Work on the login page backend.
- Validate the HTML of all the pages.
- Work on the screen size compatibility for all the pages using inspect on the browser or using a VS code extension.
- Work on specific components of the homepage:
  - Limit the project cards to 1 row and 3 in the row.
  - Add a left-right scroll function to the project cards.
  - Change the project card colors and send demo colors to the group.
  - Add more example input values for the radar graph.
  - Add more margin to the bottom of the search bar.
- Work on specific components of the project page:
  - Give the milestone markers a flag icon on the timeline.
  - Resize the milestone and task lists.
  - Work on styling the project notes section like a journal.
  - Add example input values for the timeline progress.
 - Next meeting on Sunday at 3pm on Zoom

**Meeting Adjourned at 7:30pm**

