# Weekly Meeting

## Meeting Details
**Type of Meeting:** Followup Weekly Meeting  
**Date:** June 6, 2024  
**Location:** Geisel Library  
**Start-Time:** 6:30 pm  

**Attendance:**    
- [x] Saksham Rai (Team Lead)
- [x] Shrey Kumar (Team Lead)
- [x] Aditya Saini (Developer)
- [x] Aniruddh Krovvidi (Developer)
- [x] Jason Tang (Developer)
- [x] Brandon Chung (Developer)
- [x] Ricky Li (Developer)
- [x] Ojasvi Tewari (Planner)
- [x] Christopher Lerum (Developer)
- [x] Ryan K Chon (Developer)
- [x] Tianshi Gong (Developer)
- [x] Evan Kauh (Developer) 

## Agenda
1. Discuss What the Professor said about the project after the class
2. Discuss changes that still need to be done

## Meeting Notes

### Discuss What the Professor said about the project after the class
- After class, the professor took a closer look at the projects page after the edits from the night before and liked most of the page.
- He also explained that with the time remaining, the team effort needs to be focused on making the important elements look and function well.
- Also suggested that any elements we do not get to later can be left as a roadmap for future development.

### Discuss changes that still need to be done
- The team looked at the current state of the home page after changes from the night before and continued to talk about the layout, the backgrounds, and how for mobile view the projects should appear above the skill chart.
- The idea of a green moving element that would help emphasize elements on the home page was also discussed but the team settled on just keeping white and green backgrounds.
- The team agreed that before the meeting concluded, all work must be pushed to the main branch so that the remaining work can be completed
- The local storage of the project needs to be fully functional to help store all the data for the project such as:
  - The user's information which is set by login.
  - The project data for each user.
  - The notes data for each project.
- After all the changes to the projects page and the new layout for the home page are finished, keyboard navigation still needs to be worked on.
- The login page tests are still in progress and will be finished soon.
- The project tags and the skill chart functionality were also discussed:
  - The team decided to have a drop-down menu to select a tag for the projects.
  - the team also discussed having the radar chart levels increase for every 2-3 projects with the respective tag.
- For the projects page the team discussed many of the completed elements and what still needs to be finished such as:
  - The adding markdown entries in the notes was completed.
  - The entries list currently works as a 3x3 list of entries but the team agreed to reduce it to a 2x2.
  - The timeline milestone functionality and flags are completed.
  - The team also discussed adding tasks and dates on the timeline as well to show more progress for each project.
  - The team also agreed that the timeline should remain at the bottom for any mobile view.

## Next Steps
- Work on implementing the local storage user data.
- Work on finishing the elements of the projects page such as the 2x2 grid of entries, the tasks on the timeline, and the mobile view of the timeline.
- Work on the homepage appearance, the project card tag functionality, and the skill chart functionality.
- Continue working on testing for all the pages after adding more functionality.

**Meeting Adjourned at 8:00pm**
